feat: [Week-12] Creation, Translation, and Enhancement of OOP Basics … (#1451)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: stage1/modules/oop-basics/README.md

# [Stage#1](../../../) Object-Oriented Programming Basics 🌟

## Module Overview 📚

> This module introduces students to object-oriented programming basics. It aims to provide an in-depth understanding of basic OOP principles, classes, objects and prototypal inheritance. The module covers a range of topics from OOP principles to classes and instances.

Reviewer: Let's remove prototypes and the like here because we have a separate module on Classes and Prototypes this week

```suggestion
The "Object-Oriented Programming Basics" is an introductory module designed to teach students the fundamental concepts and principles of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP). This module will cover core OOP concepts such as classes, objects, inheritance, encapsulation, polymorphism, and abstraction. It is tailored for beginners and aims to provide a solid foundation for understanding and applying OOP
```

Author: Fixed

## Learning Objectives 🎯

Students will:

> - Understand OOP principles (inheritance, abstraction, encapsulation, polymorphism).
> - Learn object, classes and instances concepts (parent class (superclass), child class (subclass)).
> - Get acquainted with prototypal inheritance in JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grasp the basic principles of Object-Oriented Programming.
- Understand the concept and importance of classes and objects.
- Learn about inheritance and its role in promoting code reusability.
- Comprehend the significance of encapsulation in data protection.
- Explore polymorphism and its use in creating flexible code.
- Understand abstraction and its role in simplifying complex systems.
```

Author: Goals expanded

## Approximate Module Completion Time ⏱️

- **6 hours**

## Theory 📖

Students are encouraged to study the following resources:

1. **[Topic 1]:**
   - [Read OOP overview with examples](./materials/oop-overview.md)
   - [Proceed with OOP fundamentals](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/object-oriented-programming-javascript/) - [~20 min]
   - [Learn deeper OOP in MDN article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Object-oriented_programming) - [~1 hr]

>    - [OOP cheat sheet](Rhttps://www.techtarget.com/searchapparchitecture/definition/object-oriented-programming-OOP) - [~20 min]

Reviewer 2: Broken link
- [OOP cheat sheet](https://www.techtarget.com/searchapparchitecture/definition/object-oriented-programming-OOP) - [~20 min]

Author: Link fixed

   - [Deep dive OOP video with examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDJpGenyHaA) - [40 min]

## Practice 💻

- Complete the test "OOP Test" in the RS-App > Auto Test.

## Additional Resources 📘

Expand your knowledge with these additional materials:

> 1. [OOP, Object, Classes](https://eloquentjavascript.net/06_object.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [OOP, Object, Classes](https://eloquentjavascript.net/06_object.html)
2. [Discover Object Oriented Programming](https://blog.hubspot.com/website/object-oriented-programming)
3. [Inheritance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inheritance_(object-oriented_programming))
4. [Polymorphism In Programming](https://www.bmc.com/blogs/polymorphism-programming/)
5. [Encapsulation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encapsulation_(computer_programming))
6. [Abstraction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstraction_(computer_science))
```

Author: Links added
